>> Kevin Powell: And
with all of these steps done and
any other customizations you have
decided to make along the way,
you obviously want this
site to be live and online.
We've seen how we can do that, but
we want to make sure all of
our updates are there as well.
We have a bunch of changes
that we've made, so
we do need to commit these right now.
We're not in another branch, so
we can commit these directly to main,
commit button right there.
And in this case,
because we're committing directly to main,
which you sort of want
to avoid when you can.
But when we do commit directly to main,
it's going to push those directly onto
GitHub, directly into the main branch, so
Netlify will see those changes right away.
And when it sees those changes,
I didn't leave a comment, so
it's very mad at me right now.
That I should have left a comment on what
I was committing, so that's why it's
stuck in limbo right now, because I
was talking while I was doing it.
So we can just come here,
enter your commit message,
finished, resight, is that gonna work?
I've never done it through this
window before, there we go.
And then I can sync my changes.
And those have been pushed up there,
you wait a few seconds,
Netlify is going to build the site for
you.
All of your new changes will be online and
you can go and check them out.
So we can go right now back to Netlify,
oops, or that's my GitHub repo.
Let's just check, it was FEM from scratch,
example.netlify.app,
and we should see, hopefully it's
already finished building the site.
If not, I'll do a refresh,
find out right now, there we go.
We have the new navigation there.,
everything is upline or online,
I should say.
And our site's working, so nice and easy
to do, again, speed up that animation.
It's kind of annoying waiting for
that to come in, but
we can see that everything is
here in an online environment and
see that working perfectly fine as well.